Add monitoring to object cleaner (#4133)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/explorer/operations.mdx

indexer_inflight_requests{action="Remove"} 0
```

#### Management

> Explorer management path is composed of two components exporting metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explorer management contains the 'Objects Cleaner` component exporting metrics:
```

- Objects Cleaner Status
- Objects Cleaner Remove Objects Requests

> The following metrics are available to monitor its health.

Reviewer: this line might be better earlier as when you first introduce the metrics.

Author: Changed it to:

```
#### Management

Explorer management contains the 'Objects Cleaner` component exporting metrics. The following metrics are available to monitor its health:

- Objects Cleaner Status
- Objects Cleaner Remove Objects Requests

##### Objects Cleaner Status
```

##### Objects Cleaner Status

The metric `objects_cleaner_status` provides telemetry on the objects cleaner's `status` which can take on the following values:

> - Starting: objects cleaner is starting after starting the API server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting: Objects Cleaner is starting after starting the API server.
```

> - Started: objects cleaner has been started and is watching for objects which are expired, according to their `RetentionPolicy`, to remove them from the datastore or indexer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Started: Objects Cleaner is watching for expired objects (according to their `RetentionPolicy`) to remove them from the stores.
```

> - Stopped: objects cleaner has been stopped after stopping collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stopped: Objects Cleaner is stopped after stopping collection.
```
